**Mobile Developer** There has been a constant increase in the demand for mobile developers as mobile devices’ use for accessing the internet has been on the rise. Mobile developers specialize in building apps for platforms like Google’s Android and Apple’s iOS. Many developers choose to use React Native, which allows them to build one application using JavaScript that works on both Android and iOS devices. Mobile developers work with UX and UI designers and use React’s UI capabilities to implement functionalities that customers will use. Mobile developers also make sure that the front-end and the back-end of the applications work seamlessly. Other skills that mobile developers may have include HTML, CSS, Java, Kotlin, Objective-C, C++, C#, among others.

**Front-End Developer** As the name implies, front-end developers build the user-facing parts of websites and apps. They work closely with designers to implement visual and interactive elements through coding, using HTML, CSS, and of course, JavaScript. They also use libraries and frameworks like React to save time and make their work more efficient. Front-end developers may also be responsible for making sure the final user has a good user experience and that websites and apps behave as expected and are free of errors and bugs.

**Back-End Developer** Back-end developers work on the back-end of websites and applications. They can use JavaScript with Node.js to develop back-end functionalities. Among these functionalities are streaming and chat-based applications, as well as JSON APIs and serverless functions. Back-end developers possess additional skills, including professional working knowledge of Python, APIs, cloud infrastructure, and database.

**Full-Stack Developer** As you might guess, a full-stack developer works with both the front- and back-end of building websites and apps. So, these professionals combine the skills in these two areas. They can use frameworks like React to work on the front-end and Node.js to work on the back-end. They also apply skills in addition to JavaScript to build websites and apps.